
On behalf of our downtown Vancouver client,Ignite Technical Resourcesis looking for a Senior Java Developer to join the team for a 6 month contract opportunity with strong potential of extension.  
Requirements:5+      years of enterprise level Java development experience5+      of JEE experience (Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Spring)Solid      hands on experience with the following frameworks: Spring MVC, Bootstrap,      GWT, Jakarta, Struts, AJAXExpert      knowledge of application servers: WebLogic or JBoss or TomcatKnowledge      of Oracle 11g & SQL Server 2012IntelliJ      IDEA or Eclipse or NetBeans IDEStrong      knowledge of OOD and design patterns is mandatoryProven      ability to write unit testsJava      certification is preferredPlease note that only candidates who are eligible to work in Canada and willing to relocate will be considered.  
 Sponsorship cannot be provided for relocation.  
If you meet the required criteria and are interested in the above position, please submit aWORDversion of your resume.  
**Due to the volume of resumes, only those candidates being considered will be contacted.  
Ignite.  
 Wired for people.  
 We get it.  
We get technology.  
 We get people.  
 We get you dont want cyborgs taking over the office and running the show.  
 When theres a problem, everyone wants the right person for the job.  
 The kind of person who is brilliant, efficient, technically savvy and who can communicate with everyone else.  
 We know these kinds of people.  
Ignite Technical Resources is a Vancouver-based Information Technology resourcing firm built around three principles: speed, efficiency and quality.  
 We provide highly trained and qualified technical consultants to your organization as a flexible work force option.  
 Our consultants will help you through workload fluctuations and can manage outsourced projects of any size.  
You have greater day-to-day issues to manage.  
 Ignite will solve your immediate IT needs with little delay or effort.  
 Its what we do best.  
 Were wired for people.  
Follow Ignite on Twitter @ignitetechnical andbecome a fan on Facebook for up-to-date information about our company including job postings! To see other IT job postings, visit our Website!

