
We are looking for an experienced J2EE developers to join our growing team of consultants and train to become Pega Solution Architects:-At least 5 years of object oriented programming experience in Java and J2EE- At least 5 years experience in applying open source technologies such asStruts, Spring, Hibernate, etc- Strong knowledge of object-oriented programming design patterns and methodologies- Spanish would be an asset- Expertise in both client side andserver side technologystacks in a J2EE setting- Familiar with source code control and versioning concepts- Knowledge of RDBMS systems (Oracle) and an understanding of data structures, data normalization, and query performance considerations- At lease 3 years working with SQL and PL/SQL- Ability towork effectively in a fast-paced, changing team environment and meet tight deadlines- A desire to learn latest in enterprise technology solutions-Experience using other web servers and Java EE application servers- Strongbusiness and technical writing, and verbal communication skills- Ability to understand business problems, and be creative with strong problem solving abilities- Ability to take deliverable ownership and multi task effectively and efficiently- Quick learner andstrong team player- Prefer prior experience developing CRM applicationsAbout Objectwise:Objectwise is a boutique consulting company offering enhanced staff augmentation and consulting services to large corporate clients.  
 We hand select our staff to make sure only the best resources are working with our clients.  
 Objectwise is managed by senior IT practitioners who have a passion for solving difficult IT problems and managing large and complex enterprise projects.  
 Our vision is to always provide A-list resources.  
If your experience and skills match the above requirements and you are interested in this opportunity, please forward your resume to  careers@objectwisegroup.  
com   Relocation assistance is available for this role.  
We look forward to hearing from you.  
 You can visit us at www.  
objectwisegroup.  
com  for more information about Objectwise.  


