
Job Order ID: 7942Title: Java DeveloperLocation: LONDON, ONEmployment Type: PermanentBrief Description:Are you a JAVA DEVELOPER   looking for your next great opportunity within the Automotive sector? Our   client is looking for a dedicated and passionate professional to join their   team to help push their business objectives forward.  
Job Function:Create, integrate and manage API solutions using        API Management ToolsCreate solutions that serve our business        leveraging current and leading edge technologies in an innovative and        impactful manner.  
Liaise with Business Analysts, Architects,        Technical Consultants and Programmers to conceptualize and develop new API        management solutionsEnsures all projects follow the defined        development and business case processesEnsures proper coordination with appropriate IT        and vendor relations teamsJob Requirements:Degree/Diploma in Computer Science or        equivalent4 years hands-on experience with application development        tools in fast paced environmentsExperience with the request response cycleExperience with JSON/XML, JavaScriptPrevious conformance with version control systems        (ex.  
 Git, Perforce)About Bevertec:For 35 plus years   Bevertec has been at the forefront of providing top level technology   professionals to our clients across the Greater Toronto Hamilton Area, Canada   and beyond.  
 Bevertec specializes in technology professionals but looks to fill   all professional roles that help expand and grow our clients business and   advance our candidates careers.  
 Remaining at the   forefront of providing staffing solutions has been no easy task for us, that   why we depend on top-caliber candidates like yourself and our team of business   development managers to provide you with the opportunities to work with leaders   within the IT realm to meet your aspirations.  
 As proof of our continued success   Bevertec places candidates with leaders in the public and private sector and continuous   remains a vender of record with large organizations across the country.  
 Lean more at www.  
bevertec.  
com How to apply:Click the Apply to   Job button and follow the instructions to submit your resume or contact the   lead recruiter, Anthony DeCarmo at  adecarmo@bevertec.  
com or 416-695-7525 x2294 Thank you for your   interest in your next great opportunity with BevertecOnly those selected for an interview will be   contacted, Bevertec is committed to Employment Equity and encourages   applications from all qualified candidates.  
 In accordance with the   Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act Bevertec will provide   accommodations throughout the recruitment process, should you require such   accommodations please contact our Human Resources department.  


