
JOB TITLE | Programmer Developer L3JOB CATEGORY | Information TechnologyLOCATION| Toronto, OntarioTERM | 12-month Contract CLIENT | Government I&ITDATE | April 04, 2017JOB-ID: | 1296DESCRIPTIONOur Government client is seeking One (1) Programmer Developer for a 12-month contract + extension located in Toronto to begin immediately.  
 Requirements: What you'll needSkills, Knowledge, Experience, and Qualifications10+ years of extensive experience in and knowledge of Informatica for data extraction, transformation, and loading, initial setup and other data ELT management and support such as troubleshooting, performance tuning, failover and recovery5+ years of experience and knowledge of Business intelligence and data analytics, data warehouse design, development and support3+ Experience with Data quality, data profiling and duplication management, and health data systemsOracle, SQL, PL/SQL, JSON, FHIR, optimized database queries, and data architecture and data modeling and mapping would be an asset.  
Knowledge and experience of Cognos report design and development, Framework manager, Query Studio, Reports Studio, creation of dashboards, etc.  
 Other reporting tools would also be an asset, particularly Crystal Reports and Business ObjectsMaster Data Management knowledge and experienceExperience in data analysis and data model for Big DataKnowledge of Cognitive ComputingExperience in PythonExperience in R, statistics and De-Idenfication will be an asset10+ years of experience working with technical systems specifications and translating them into working, tested applications for large, complex, mission critical applications10+ years of experience conducting technical evaluation and assessment of options for technical design issues10+ years of experience in technical analysis, program code, detailed programming and reports specifications, program design, writing and /or generating code, and conducting unit tests10+ years of experience in software in various computing platforms, operating systems, database technology, communication protocols, middleware and gateways10+ years of experience in developing and maintaining system design models, technical documentation and specifications10+ years of experience in conducting technical evaluation and assessment of options for technical design issues, applicationconfiguration aspects and integration capabilities, related tools and utilities, gap analysis of integration components to technical requirements / specifications / documentation.  
5+ years of experience conducting technical analysis, trouble-shooting, and issue resolutions for production operational support of Panorama reports(or equivalent) and other components and utilities.  
Comfortable and experience to do data analysis, data profiling, data processing with huge amount of dataKnowledge of architecture frameworks and system standards and technologies for server development.  
Knowledge of agile systems development methodologiesKnowledge of project management practices, and ability to contribute to project plans, including work breakdown and task estimates, status reportsAble to work independently or as part of a team to plan, organize and prioritize tasks to meet deadlinesAble to demonstrate the flexibility to take on varied assignments and adaptability to use multiple new technologies as requestedHOW TO APPLYPlease apply for this opportunity by using the Monster Apply button below or send your resume directly to  careers@wirehead.  
comWe thank all candidates for their interest, but advise that only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted directly.  
 Rest assured that your resume will be kept on our database and will be considered for all future opportunities.  
 For more information, please visit us at:  http://www.  
wirehead.  
com For a full list of our job postings: http://www.  
wirehead.  
com/current-jobs***This opportunity is located in Toronto; preference will be given to local candidates.  
 Wirehead does not offer a relocation package.  
 We encourage you continue to refer to our Job Listing page as new opportunities become available and updated on a regular basis.  
 Thank you again for your interest in Wirehead!

