
Company Profile   Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services.  
 The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.  
   As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success.  
 Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic.  
 Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow.  
 A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.  
   Technology   Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets.  
 Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modelling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools.  
 Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businessesand to our own.  
   Enterprise Infrastructure (EI) is responsible for delivering essential technology infrastructure solutions to Morgan Stanleys businesses.  
 EI manages the production, operations, and engineering of our data centers, voice and data networking solutions, mainframe servers and databases, distributed computing, wireless technologies, and associated end user capabilities.  
   Position Description:   The Software Deployment Engineering team is responsible for Software Distribution for Morgan Stanley.  
 We are building an Image based application distribution system for our global Firm.  
 We are looking for a Developer that understands how to build infrastructure for large scale distributed environments.  
 Docker Images have become successful by leveraging fairly standard and mature technologies in a subtle but perceptive way.  
 This is a new approach to managing infrastructure.  
 This has forced Technology Organizations to rethink how they package, deploy, and run their applications.  
 If you find yourself thinking up new infrastructure approaches, receive great satisfaction when what you have implemented helps people be more productive, and have experience doing this, we are looking for you.  
  Primary Responsibilities:   - Develop Global Distribution Platform - Contribute to the Internal Erlang Community - Become Subject Matter Expert on Image Registry Product   Skills Required:   - DevOps Developer - Strong experience with Erlang - Experience with Python - Experience with Linux Containers/Docker - Experience with building Architecture at scale - Understands how to construct efficient database queries - Understands fundamental Linux/UNIX concepts - Thought leader and strong communicator of ideas   Skills Desired:   - Git and familiar with code review tools like those found in the Atlassian suite - Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment Methodologies - Contributor to open source project(s)   Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunities employer.  
 We work to provide a supportive and inclusive environment where all individuals can maximize their full potential.  
 

