
Please submit your resume in Word format directly to Maxine Smith via email at  maxine.  
smith@executrade.  
com Intermediate Software Developer  Java The OpportunityOur client is currently seeking intermediate and experienced Software Developer to join their Calgary team.  
 The ideal candidates will be a fast learner and enjoy working independently or within small teams.  
 They must also be confident in all aspects of software development and delivery on large and scalable applications with an emphasis on build/test automation.  
 Initial project assignments will require the candidate to learn several systems and technologies.  
Key Account Responsibilities and Functions Provide expertise with application and database integration   technologies, including solution and service-oriented   architectures.  
 Attend daily scrums, project meetings, and department   meetings as required.  
 Liaise with Test Engineers, Product Management, Project Management,   Release Management, DBAs, Infrastructure, and other project teams   as required.  
 Ability to quickly ramp up on and apply new technologies and   processes.  
 Hands-on development of SOA-related project tasks.  
 Analyzing,   documenting & designing applications for   global consumption.  
 Mentor junior developers and perform code reviews of peers   work.  
 Enjoy working in a highly collaborative   environment.  
Required Skills and Qualifications Undergraduate   technical degree (computer science or   engineering) or equivalent.  
 5+ years hands-on software development experience in   Java/J2EE.  
 Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web   Services.  
 Core skills should include Java, XML, Soap, J2EE Compliant   Application Servers (JBOSS, Tomcat,WebLogic etc.  
), Frameworks (Hibernate,   Spring Boot), and AngularJS.  
 Experience   operating within a software product development   environment.  
 Source code management systems (e.  
g.  
   Subversion/GIT).  
 Bug tracking/fixing system (e.  
g.  
 Jira).  
 Automated builds, continuous integration, and unit   testing.  
 Creating and updating technical specifications and completing code   review.  
 Demonstrated   experience implementing solutions that are scalable   and highly available based on industry best practices.  
 Extensive knowledge of J2EE and SOA design patterns with   practical experience in applyingpatterns in real world situations.  
 Proficient with UML and a proven ability to design software applications   following object-oriented methodologies.  
 Demonstrated experience applying SCRUM and other   agilemethodologies.  
 Working knowledge of writing SQL scripts.  
 Strong Unix/Linux programming/debugging skills.  
 Strong analytical and problem solving abilities.  
 Strong   communication skills (oral, written and   presentation).  
 Able to work autonomously and within cross functional   teams.  
Candidate like to haves  Experience with Big Data solutions such as MapR.  
 Experience designing and implementing microservices in the   Spring Boot framework.  
 Demonstrated experience applying secure software development   best practices.  
 Demonstrated experience building highly performing and   scalable applications.  
 Experience with large scale financial transaction   systems.  
Please quote Job Reference #62608Please submit your resume, in Word format, directly to Maxine Smith at  maxine.  
smith@executrade.  
comor call Maxine at 403.  
718.  
5085

